.In addition to the other information contained in this Report, including in Part II, Item 7. Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes thereto, you should carefully consider the following risks. The occurrence of any of the events discussed below could significantly and adversely affect our business, prospects, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.Risk Factors Related to Our BusinessWe rely on distributors to distribute our products in the DSD channel and in international markets. If we are unable to maintain good relationships with our existing distributors, our business will suffer.We distribute CELSIUS® products in the DSD channel through agreements with established distributors that provide sales, marketing, and distribution infrastructure. Since 2022, we have maintained an exclusive distribution agreement with Pepsi for certain territories in the U.S., which we extended in 2023 and 2024 to include parts of Canada. In August 2025, we further expanded our partnership with Pepsi through the A&R Distribution Agreements, under which Pepsi serves as the primary distributor for our portfolio, including Alani Nu and Rockstar, in the U.S. and Canada. Internationally, we maintain exclusive agreements with the Suntory Group to distribute CELSIUS® products, including Lucozade Ribena Suntory Limited for the United Kingdom, Channel Islands, Isle of Man and Ireland; Frucor Suntory Australia Pty Limited and Frucor Suntory New Zealand Limited for Australia and New Zealand, respectively; and Orangina Schweppes France and Schweppes Suntory Benelux SA for France, Monaco, Belgium, Luxembourg and the Netherlands. We are substantially reliant on these multiyear distribution arrangements and their respective counterparties to support our growth in the respective territories. Many of these distributors also manufacture or distribute competing beverage products, and their sales and marketing priorities are critical to our success. If our distributors do not promote our products effectively or prioritize our portfolio relative to competing brands, or if we fail to attract or transition to new distributors on a timely basis, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially adversely affected.We have extensive commercial arrangements with Pepsi and, as a result, significant disagreements with Pepsi or a termination of these arrangements could materially adversely impact our financial position and results of operations. In 2025, sales to Pepsi constituted 43.2% of our total net revenue, and receivables from Pepsi represented 46.2% of our total receivables as of December 31, 2025. Pepsi is our primary distributor for our products in the U.S. and the exclusive distributor of our products in select territories in Canada. As we continue to streamline and optimize our distribution strategy, we expect our reliance on Pepsi to remain significant and may increase over time. Accordingly, we are dependent on Pepsi's domestic and Canadian distribution. Given the significant concentration of our supply chain with Pepsi, Pepsi can influence our strategic decision making as we seek to expand and grow our product lines, and any significant disagreement or a termination of our arrangements with Pepsi could prevent us from distributing our products and would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.Pepsi’s increased ownership stake and additional Board representation may allow it to exert greater influence over our strategic and governance decisions.Pepsi holds a significant ownership position in the Company through its preferred equity investments and has two designated directors serving on the Board. As a result, Pepsi may exert greater influence over certain strategic, operational and governance matters, including decisions related to distribution, marketing priorities and long-term business planning. The interests of Pepsi may not always align with those of our other stockholders. In addition, under our A&R Distribution Agreements and the Captaincy, Pepsi has a prominent role in the commercialization and distribution of our portfolio in the U.S. While we believe this partnership provides substantial benefits, the increased ownership and Board representation by Pepsi could create potential conflicts of interest, affect our ability to operate independently or limit our flexibility in pursuing alternative strategic initiatives. Any such influence could have a material impact on our governance practices, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our ability to successfully execute our responsibilities under the Captaincy and the A&R Distribution Agreements with Pepsi is critical to our long-term performance.Our A&R Distribution Agreements with Pepsi and related Transaction Agreement formalized the Captaincy, which has been designed to strengthen coordination within Pepsi’s U.S. distribution system by giving us more influence over category management decisions such as product facings, merchandising allocations and promotional execution for our brands. While this structure enhances collaboration with Pepsi and market visibility, it also requires significant alignment with Pepsi’s operational priorities and execution capabilities. Any failure by either us or Pepsi to fulfill its obligations, maintain consistent execution or effectively manage our business under the Captaincy could result in lost sales opportunities, channel inefficiencies or reputational harm. Because the Captaincy is central to the long-term distribution of CELSIUS®, Alani Nu® and Rockstar® in the U.S., any deterioration in this relationship or inability to perform under the arrangement could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.7If we fail to manage future growth effectively, our business could be materially adversely affected.We have grown rapidly in recent years and we expect our expansion to continue as we enter additional international markets and potentially pursue additional strategic expansion opportunities in the U.S. During the year ended December 31, 2025, we grew to 1,497 employees, and we expect to further expand our hiring and marketing efforts; however, we can provide no assurance that our business or revenue will continue to grow and any growth may place significant demands on management and our operational infrastructure. As we continue to grow, we must manage such growth effectively by successfully integrating, developing and motivating a large number of new employees, including those employed by companies we acquire, while maintaining the beneficial aspects of our company culture. If we do not manage the growth of our business and operations effectively, the quality of our products and efficiency of our operations could suffer and we may not be able to execute on our business plan, which could harm our brands and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Accordingly, we cannot guarantee that we will achieve our planned growth, or that we will continue to sustain such growth or performance.Our demand generation strategies through social media and the use of third-parties, including celebrities, social media influencers, and others, as well as the expanding use of AI tools and AI-generated content, may expose us to risk of negative publicity, litigation, and/or regulatory enforcement action, which could impact our future profitability.We rely on marketing through social media and by social media influencers and celebrity spokespersons that represent our brands to generate demand for our products. The promotion of our brands, products and services through social media, including by social media influencers and celebrities, is subject to FTC regulations and guidance that require clear disclosure of any compensatory arrangements between us and such endorsers in their public statements or reviews about the Company or our products. These social media influencers and celebrities, with whom we maintain relationships, could engage in activities or behaviors or use their platforms to communicate directly with our customers in a manner that violates applicable requirements or reflects poorly on our brand and that behavior may be attributed to us or otherwise adversely affect us. Influencers and celebrities who are associated with us may engage in behavior that is unrelated to us but that causes damage to our brand because of these associations or may make claims against us whether or not based on facts. In addition, the rapid growth of AI-generated content increases the risk that misinformation, manipulated media, or unauthorized endorsements relating to our products could be created and disseminated without our knowledge or consent. AI tools may also facilitate the automated spread or amplification of false or misleading information about our ingredients, product safety or business practices. Due to the inherent nature of social media and the speed with which AI-driven content can propagate, we may be unable to detect or correct such information before it reaches a wide audience and causes harm to our brands. Any negative publicity, regulatory action or litigation arising from influencer activity, third-party conduct or the dissemination of AI-generated or AI-amplified misinformation could materially adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.Consolidation of retailers, wholesalers and distributors in the industry may result in downward pressure on sales prices and the changing landscape of the retail market, including the growth of e-commerce, could adversely affect our results of operations.Our industry is being affected by consolidation in retail channels, particularly in North America and Europe. Consolidation can cause significant downward pricing pressure and can impose additional costs on us. Retailers may seek lower prices from us, may demand increased marketing or promotional expenditures in support of their businesses and may be more likely to use their distribution networks to introduce and develop private-label brands, any of which could negatively affect our profitability. As a result of increased consolidation of ownership and purchasing power in the retail industry, large retailers with increased purchasing power may reduce the prices which they are willing to pay for our products and may also adversely impact our ability to compete in many markets. Additionally, our smaller customers' ability to compete with large retailers may be adversely impacted, resulting in their inability to pay for our products, which, in turn, would reduce our sales. Any inability to successfully manage the potential impact of these commercial changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.Our industry is also being affected by the growth in sales through e-commerce retailers, e-commerce websites, mobile commerce applications and subscription services, which may result in a shift away from physical retail operations to digital channels. We may not be able to develop and maintain successful relationships with existing and new e-commerce retailers without suffering a deterioration of our relationships with key customers operating physical retail channels. If we are unable to successfully adapt to the rapidly changing retail landscape, including the growth in digital commerce, our share of sales, volume growth and overall financial results could be negatively affected. In addition, our success depends in part on our ability to maintain good relationships with key retail customers. The loss of one or more of our key retail customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.8We predominantly rely on co-packers to manufacture our products. If we are unable to maintain good relationships with our co-packers or their ability to manufacture our products becomes constrained or unavailable to us, our business could suffer.We directly manufacture a portion of our products but outsource the majority of manufacturing to co-packers. Within North America, we have established a network model that leverages co-packers and warehousing across various geographical areas. This model also includes alternative warehousing and co-packing arrangements to mitigate risks and reduce our reliance on any single geographical area. These co-packers may be unable to meet our demand as it arises, fail to comply with our product specifications, charge rates that make using their services cost inefficient, or may be unable or unwilling to provide their services to us on a timely basis or at all. In addition, we may enter into manufacturing or supply agreements that include minimum order quantity requirements, and if we fail to meet such requirements, we could be subject to contractual penalties, increased costs, or potential disputes or litigation. There could also be food safety concerns or other regulatory compliance issues with our co-packers, which could require them to (temporarily or permanently) cease manufacturing product and/or necessitate destruction of product that they have already manufactured. Any failure by our co-packers to comply with applicable food safety, quality, labor, environmental or other regulatory requirements, or any actual or perceived product contamination, quality issue or misconduct at a co-packer facility, could result in product recalls, regulatory action, litigation, negative publicity, or loss of consumer confidence in our brands. Such events could have a disproportionate impact on our reputation and brand value, even if isolated to a single co-packer or limited production run.In the event of any disruption or delay in production of product by our co-packers, whether caused by a rift in our relationship or the inability of our co-packers to manufacture our products as required, we would need to secure the services of alternative co-packers. We may be unable to procure alternative packing facilities at commercially reasonable rates or within a reasonably short time period, and any such transition could be costly. In addition, although we acquired one of our co-packers on November 1, 2024, such acquisition does not mitigate the risks presented by our continued reliance on third-party co-packers and instead exposes us to additional risks associated with owning and operating a manufacturing facility, including operational disruptions, labor and safety issues, capital and maintenance costs, increased regulatory compliance requirements and potential reputational harm, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.We may not be able to successfully integrate Alani Nu, Rockstar or other businesses that we may acquire in the future or achieve the expected benefits of such acquisitions, and any such acquisitions may expose us to potential brand overlap, market cannibalization or cultural integration challenges.The successful integration of Alani Nu, Rockstar or other businesses that we may acquire involves complex operational, financial and cultural challenges. These integrations require significant financial or management attention and resources, including aligning accounting policies, systems and controls, consolidating technology platforms and supply chains and harmonizing business practices and corporate cultures. Integration efforts may also create demands on management related to the increased scale of our operations and may divert attention from ongoing daily activities. We must retain key employees critical to managing the integration of acquired departments and information systems while maintaining consistent internal controls and procedures. In addition, integration activities may expose us to undisclosed or potential liabilities associated with acquired entities. If we fail to effectively execute integration plans and achieve operational alignment across brands, we may not achieve the anticipated benefits, synergies or operating efficiencies, which could result in lower revenue, increased costs or reduced profitability. The costs of achieving these benefits may be higher, or the timing may be longer than we expect. Furthermore, our acquisitions have increased our indebtedness and will result in ongoing interest, contingent liability and amortization expenses related to intangible assets, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.The Alani Nu and Rockstar acquisitions have expanded our portfolio into new energy and wellness segments, which may create overlap in consumer bases, retail placement or brand positioning. While we view these acquisitions as complementary to our business, there is a risk that certain product offerings may compete for similar customers or retail shelf space, leading to brand cannibalization or dilution. Effectively managing brand identity, pricing strategies and promotional focus across our expanded portfolio is critical to maintaining distinct market positioning. In addition, the integration of Alani Nu and Rockstar requires the alignment of different brand cultures, marketing approaches and operational models. If we are unable to successfully differentiate our brands, preserve their individual strengths or integrate their operations and teams without disruption, our growth potential could be limited and our results of operations and brand equity could be adversely affected.9Alani Nu, Rockstar or other acquired businesses may have liabilities that are not known to us.Alani Nu, Rockstar or other acquired businesses may have liabilities that are not known to us. We may fail to identify, or be unable to discover, certain liabilities during the course of our due diligence investigations. We cannot assure you that the indemnification rights available to us under the acquisition agreements for Alani Nu or Rockstar, or the representation and warranty insurance procured in connection with those agreements, will be sufficient in amount, scope or duration to offset potential liabilities associated with the businesses or properties acquired. Following the acquisitions, we may learn additional information that materially adversely affects us, such as unknown or contingent liabilities, including those related to compliance with applicable laws, tax matters, employment obligations or product claims. Any such liabilities, individually or in the aggregate, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.Growth through acquisitions involves a number of risks and an inability or failure to address the challenges associated with strategic transactions and related integration risks could adversely affect our business and results of operations.We regularly review and evaluate potential acquisitions, joint ventures, distribution agreements, divestitures and other strategic transactions. The success of these transactions depends on our ability to identify suitable opportunities, obtain required consents and approvals and realize the expected benefits, cost savings and synergies within anticipated timeframes, if at all. Growth through acquisitions involves a number of risks, including challenges in identifying and completing transactions with complementary businesses, integrating acquired operations and management teams, maintaining effective internal controls and retaining key employees and customer relationships. Such transactions may divert management’s attention from ongoing operations, result in the issuance of equity that dilutes existing stockholders, or require us to incur significant debt or contingent liabilities.Our customers are material to our success. If we are unable to maintain good relationships with our existing customers, our business could suffer.Our customers, including distributors, grocery chains, convenience chains, drug stores, nutrition stores, mass merchants, club warehouses and other customers, may decide for any reason or no reason at all to discontinue carrying all or any of our products, which could cause our business to suffer. Such decisions are outside of our control and may be made based upon any number of reasons, including cost, changing consumer tastes and preferences and the availability of competing products. Such a loss of customers could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.Increases in cost or shortages of raw materials or increases in costs of co-packing could harm our business.The principal raw materials used in producing our products are flavors and ingredient blends as well as aluminum cans, the prices of which are subject to fluctuation. We are uncertain whether the prices of any of the foregoing or any other raw materials or ingredients we utilize will rise in the future and whether we will be able to pass any of such increases on to our customers. We do not use hedging agreements or alternative instruments to manage the risks associated with securing sufficient ingredients or other raw materials. In addition, some of these raw materials are available only from a limited number of suppliers. In the past, our industry has experienced shortages of aluminum cans. Periodic and often unpredictable industry-wide shortages of raw materials, including aluminum cans, could disrupt or delay the production of certain products and adversely affect our financial performance. As alternative sources of supply may not be available, any interruption in the supply of such raw materials could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.Tariffs, inflationary pressures and global supply-chain disruptions could increase costs and reduce profitability.Tariffs, inflationary pressures and global supply-chain disruptions could increase our costs and reduce profitability. The imposition or expansion of tariffs on raw materials, packaging or imported goods, including aluminum, may increase production and distribution costs or limit the availability of key inputs. While tariffs have not materially impacted our results of operations to date, inflationary trends affecting commodities, freight, labor and fuel can also increase our cost base and reduce margins. In addition, supply-chain disruptions, whether driven by geopolitical events, trade restrictions, transportation constraints or macroeconomic volatility, could delay product shipments, increase lead times and impact our ability to meet customer demand. Although we seek to mitigate these risks through supplier diversification and cost management initiatives, our ability to recover increased costs through pricing is limited by competitive market conditions. Sustained or worsening inflation, tariff actions or supply-chain instability could materially adversely affect our operations, financial condition and results of operations.10We must continually maintain, protect, and upgrade our information-technology systems, including protecting against internal and external cyber-security threats, data breaches and emerging AI-driven attacks. Any such breach or system failure could result in significant business disruption, reputational harm and regulatory exposure.IT enables us to operate efficiently, manage and support customer-facing digital interactions, maintain financial accuracy and safeguard proprietary data. If we fail to allocate and manage sufficient resources to build and maintain proper technology infrastructure, we could be exposed to transaction errors, process inefficiencies, data breaches, business interruptions, an inability to process or fulfill customer orders or loss of intellectual property and brand value. Cybersecurity threats, whether from hackers, criminal groups or nation-state actors, continue to evolve and may include malicious software, phishing, social engineering, cyber extortion or unauthorized access to networks and data, including malicious or negligent actions by employees or other insiders. The emergence of AI has further increased the speed, sophistication and frequency of these threats. Any such incident could lead to business disruptions, system outages, loss of customer or confidential information, data alteration or destruction, reputational harm and regulatory or legal exposure.We rely extensively on enterprise resource planning systems and other IT systems to support key business processes, including financial reporting, accounting, inventory management, supply chain operations and other operational activities. The effective operation of these systems depends on their integrity, availability and ability to integrate with other internal and third-party systems. Any failure, disruption, degradation or security incident affecting our enterprise resource planning systems, including those arising from system defects, human error, power outages, cyber incidents, unsuccessful upgrades or implementations or reliance on third-party vendors, could impair our ability to operate efficiently, process transactions accurately or produce timely and reliable financial information. Such events could result in operational disruptions, control deficiencies, remediation costs or delays in reporting and could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.We also rely on numerous third parties, including suppliers, distributors, co-packers, cloud providers and other business partners, for critical technology and operational functions. Our reliance on cloud service providers such as Amazon Web Services, Microsoft Azure and other third-party platforms exposes us to risks from service interruptions, outages or security failures outside of our control. Prolonged downtime or performance issues with these providers could impair our ability to process transactions, manage operations or access essential data. Because we do not control the cybersecurity or data protection practices of these third parties, breaches or outages affecting their systems could also compromise our data or disrupt our operations. Because we do not control the operations, governance, or compliance practices of these third parties, our reliance on them may increase our exposure to cybersecurity incidents, business interruptions, and regulatory or legal risk. Although we maintain procedures, training and insurance coverage designed to reduce these risks, no system is completely secure or immune to interruption. Coordination with third-party providers in responding to an incident may delay containment or mitigation efforts, increasing potential losses.We use AI and automated technologies in certain operational, analytical and forecasting processes and overreliance on, or errors in these systems, could impair decision-making, disrupt operations or introduce unintended vulnerabilities. A significant cybersecurity breach, third-party outage or prolonged system failure could result in violations of data protection laws, reputational damage, operational delays, loss of intellectual property or material financial costs. There can be no assurance that our insurance coverage will be adequate to cover all losses associated with such incidents or will remain available on commercially reasonable terms. Any such event could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.Furthermore, as with many innovations, AI presents risks, challenges and unintended consequences that could affect its adoption, and therefore our business. AI algorithms and training methodologies may be flawed, ineffective or inadequate. The rapid evolution of AI, particularly the anticipated government regulation of AI, could require significant resources for compliance, whether in the development, testing or maintenance of such systems or software. AI development or deployment practices by us or third-party providers could increase vulnerability to cybersecurity risks and require additional resources to implement heightened cybersecurity measures to protect the security of our data. These potential issues and other failures of any potential AI systems could subject us to competitive harm, regulatory action, legal liability and brand or reputational harm.The legal, regulatory and ethical landscape surrounding the use of AI and machine learning technologies is rapidly evolving. As we use AI and automated tools in certain operational, analytical, marketing and forecasting activities, we have established a Responsible AI Framework that sets forth principles, governance and operational practices intended to support the responsible, safe and secure deployment of these technologies in alignment with our business objectives, values and regulatory obligations; however, the effectiveness of this framework cannot be fully assured given the evolving nature of AI technologies and applicable regulations. AI systems may produce inaccurate, biased or misleading outputs, compromise confidential or sensitive information, or give rise to intellectual property or data-related claims, despite the application of the Responsible AI Framework, any of which could result in operational disruptions, increased costs, regulatory scrutiny or reputational harm and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.11Our failure to accurately estimate demand for our products could adversely affect our business and financial results.We may not correctly estimate demand for our products. Our ability to estimate demand for our products relies on various assumptions that may ultimately prove to be incorrect, particularly with regard to new products and our estimates may be less precise during periods of growth, including in new markets. If we materially underestimate demand for our products or, as discussed above, we are unable to secure sufficient ingredients, flavors, aluminum cans and other raw materials or packaging materials for our products or we experience difficulties with our co-packing arrangements, including production shortages or quality issues, we might not be able to satisfy demand on a short-term basis.If we do not accurately anticipate the future demand for a particular product or the time it will take to obtain new inventory, our inventory levels may be inadequate and our results of operations may be negatively impacted. If we fail to meet our shipping schedules, we could damage our relationships with distributors or retailers, increase our distribution costs or cause sales opportunities to be delayed or lost. In order to be able to deliver our products on a timely basis, we need to maintain adequate inventory levels of the desired products. Conversely, we may experience a decrease in demand due to activities outside of our control, such as a general decrease in the demand for energy drinks, consumers shifting preferences away from our products and to our competitors or to alternative beverages or the actions of our third-party distributors or retailers. If the inventory of our products held by our distributors or retailers is too high, they will not place orders for additional products, which could unfavorably impact our future sales. Any inability to maintain sufficient product quantities as sales increase or to anticipate future decreases in product demand for any reason, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.Significant additional labeling or warning requirements or limitations on the marketing or sale of our products may inhibit sales of our products.Various jurisdictions may adopt additional product labeling or warning requirements or limitations on the marketing or sale of our products as a result of, among other things, the ingredients we use or allegations that our products cause adverse health effects. If these types of requirements become applicable to one or more of our products, they may inhibit sales of such products. For example, under one such law in California, known as Proposition 65, if the State has determined that a substance causes cancer, birth defects or other reproductive harm, a warning must be provided for any product sold in the state that exposes consumers to that substance, unless the exposure falls under an established safe harbor level or another exemption is applicable. If we were required to add Proposition 65 warnings on the labels of one or more of our products produced for sale in California, the resulting consumer reaction to the warnings and possible adverse publicity could negatively affect our sales both in California and in other markets. In addition, we are aware of ongoing efforts in the U.S. and in certain foreign countries to seek governmental review of the energy drink industry, including with respect to advertising claims, health claims, caffeine content and marketing to individuals under the age of 18. Should we become the target of government review or experience limitations on or additional requirements with respect to the marketing or sale of our products, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be materially and adversely impacted.Our continued expansion outside of the U.S. exposes us to uncertain conditions and other risks in international markets.We sell our products internationally in a variety of markets and distribute products through third-parties in the United Kingdom, Channel Islands, Isle of Man, Ireland, France and Monaco and Australia, New Zealand and the Pacific Islands. In 2024, we established our global center of excellence in Dublin, Ireland, to, among other things, better support our international expansion goals. In support of these goals, we aligned our global operating model with international business strategies and evolving tax regulations. While these efforts are intended to enhance our international growth and tax strategies, they expose us to risks, including challenges in complying with complex and evolving tax laws, transfer pricing regulations and local ingredient requirements across multiple jurisdictions. Changes in tax laws or regulatory enforcement priorities could adversely impact the anticipated benefits of our restructuring or result in increased tax liabilities, disputes or penalties. As our growth strategy includes continuing the expansion in these and other international markets, if our current efforts are unsuccessful or if we are unable to continue to expand distribution of our products outside the U.S., our growth rate could be adversely affected. Although we do, and we intend to continue to, sell through established distributors in international markets, we have limited or no operating experience in many of such markets, and it may be costly to promote our brands internationally. We face and will continue to face substantial risks associated with foreign distribution and sale of our products, including economic or political instability in various international markets; fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; restrictions on or costs relating to the repatriation of foreign profits to the U.S., including possible taxes or withholding obligations on any repatriations and tariffs or trade restrictions. Also, distribution and sale of products outside of the U.S. are subject to risks relating to compliance with legal and regulatory requirements in local jurisdictions, potentially higher product damage rates if our products are shipped long distances, potentially higher incidence of fraud or corruption, credit risk of distributors and potentially adverse tax consequences. Our products have also been sold without our consent outside of our distribution networks which can, among other things, expose us to regulatory scrutiny should our products be sold or consumed in markets without proper approvals. In addition, U.S. based brands could be subjected to unfavorable global sentiment based on geopolitical factors that are outside of our control. Any of these risks, or a failure to achieve the intended outcomes for our international operations hub, could have a significant impact on our ability to distribute and sell our products on a competitive basis in international markets or result in the imposition of fines or lost revenue, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.12Numerous U.S. and international laws, including export and import controls, affect our ability to compete in international markets.U.S. export control laws and economic and trade sanctions prohibit the provision of certain products and services to U.S. embargoed or sanctioned countries, governments and persons. Even though we take precautions to prevent our products from being shipped or provided to embargoed countries and U.S. sanctions targets, they could be shipped, or provided by our distributors, to those countries and targets despite such precautions. The provision of goods in violation of U.S. export controls or sanctions could have negative consequences for our business, including government investigations, penalties and reputational harm. We must also comply with U.S. import laws.U.S. laws such as the FCPA also impact our international activities. We are subject to the FCPA and other laws that prohibit improper payments and offers to foreign officials and political parties for the purpose of obtaining or retaining business. Selling products into international markets, including through distributors, creates the risk of unauthorized payments or offers, for which we may be held responsible. Violations of the FCPA or other applicable anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws may result in severe criminal or civil sanctions, or other liabilities, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.Changes in export and import regulations, economic sanctions and related laws, shifts in the enforcement or scope of existing regulations, changes in the countries, governments or persons targeted by such regulations and the imposition of tariffs may create delays in the introduction and sale of our products in international markets, result in decreased ability to export or sell our products to existing or potential customers with international operations or in some cases, prevent the export or import of our products to certain countries, governments or persons.Actions taken with respect to new or increased tariffs or trade relations between the U.S. and other countries, could impact the cost and availability of our products, including our raw materials used in production. These impacts may lead to higher prices or reduced availability, which could negatively affect our sales performance. Retaliatory actions by other countries may also have an adverse impact our business. The failure to comply with applicable current or future U.S. import, export control, sanctions and anti-corruption laws, including U.S. Customs regulations, could expose us and our employees to substantial civil or criminal penalties, fines and in extreme cases, incarceration. In addition, if our distributors fail to obtain appropriate import, export or re-export licenses or authorizations, or otherwise act in accordance with applicable laws, we may be adversely affected through reputational harm and penalties, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.We depend upon our trademarks and proprietary rights and any failure to protect our intellectual property rights or any claims that we are infringing upon the rights of others may adversely affect our competitive position.Our success depends, in large part, on our ability to protect our current and future brands and products and to defend our intellectual property rights. We cannot be sure that trademarks will be issued with respect to any future trademark applications or that our competitors will not challenge, invalidate or circumvent any existing or future trademarks issued to, or licensed by us. Advances in AI may also make it easier for third parties to create or disseminate unauthorized or confusingly similar brand or product images, which could increase infringement or counterfeiting risks. Any failure to adequately protect our intellectual property rights or any claims that we are infringing on the rights of others, could adversely affect our competitive position, business or financial results.Our primary products are manufactured using our proprietary blends of ingredients. These blends are created by third-party suppliers to our specifications and then supplied to our co-packers. Although all of the third parties in our supply and manufacture chain execute confidentiality agreements, there can be no assurance that our trade secrets, including our proprietary ingredient blends will not become known to competitors.We believe that our competitors, many of whom are more established, may be able to replicate or reverse engineer our processes, brands, flavors or our products in a manner that could circumvent our protective safeguards. Therefore, we cannot give you any assurance that our confidential business information will remain proprietary. Any such loss of confidentiality could diminish or eliminate any competitive advantage provided by our proprietary information, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.13If we fail to comply with data privacy and personal data protection laws, we could be subject to adverse publicity, government enforcement actions or private litigation, which may negatively impact our business and operating results.We receive, process, transmit and store information relating to certain identified or identifiable individuals (“personal data”), including current and former employees, in the ordinary course of business. As a result, we are subject to various U.S. federal and state and foreign laws and regulations relating to personal data. These laws are subject to change and new personal data legislation may be enacted in other jurisdictions at any time. In the European Union, the GDPR became effective in May 2018 for all member states. The GDPR includes operational requirements for companies receiving or processing personal data of residents of the European Union different from those that were previously in place and also includes significant penalties for noncompliance. In addition, the European Union has adopted the EU Artificial Intelligence Act, which establishes a comprehensive regulatory framework governing the development, deployment and use of certain AI and automated systems, including requirements relating to data governance, transparency, risk management and human oversight. Other examples of certain requirements we face include those with respect to the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, the CCPA, the California Privacy Rights Act, the Colorado Privacy Act and the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act. Any such legislation can impose onerous and costly requirements on companies. For example, the CCPA provides a private right of action and statutory damages for certain data breaches and imposes operational requirements on companies that process personal data of California residents, including making disclosures to consumers, employees and B2B contacts about data collection, processing and sharing practices and allowing consumers to opt out of certain data sharing with third-parties.Changes introduced by the GDPR, the EU Artificial Intelligence Act, the CCPA and such other legislation, as well as other changes to existing personal data protection laws and the introduction of such laws in other jurisdictions, and changes to regulation, industry standards and contractual obligations, subject the Company to, among other things, additional costs and expenses and may require costly changes to our business practices and security systems, policies, procedures and practices. The interpretation and application of these laws and regulations are often uncertain and evolving; as a result, there can be no assurance that our data protection measures will be deemed adequate by a regulator or court. There can be no assurances that our security controls over personal data, training of personnel on data privacy and data security, vendor management processes and the policies, procedures and practices we implement will prevent the improper processing or breaches of personal data. Data breaches or improper processing, or breaches of personal data in violation of the GDPR, the EU Artificial Intelligence Act, the CCPA or of such other personal data protection or privacy laws and regulations in existence today or in the future, could harm our reputation, cause loss of consumer confidence, subject us to government enforcement actions (including fines), and mandatory corrective action, or result in private litigation against us, which may result in potential loss of revenue, increased costs, liability for monetary damages or fines or criminal prosecution, thereby materially adversely affecting our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.We may incur material losses as a result of product recalls, regulatory enforcement actions and liabilities related to our products.Potential contamination that could cause foodborne illness, the presence of undisclosed major food allergens and/or other food safety concerns, whether or not caused by our actions, could lead to a voluntary product recall, regulatory enforcement action and/or private litigation. This could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.There are costs associated with undertaking a product recall, which may not be fully covered by our current and/or future insurance policies. If product is recalled and inventory is destroyed because of a food safety concern, it could also lead to loss of sales due to unavailability of product. Additionally, a recall could decrease future demand for product from existing customers and/or increase difficulty in attracting new customers. If the recall is a result of actions of a co-packer, raw material supplier or packaging material supplier, it could also result in damage to the relationship with that entity, which could potentially disrupt the supply of product(s) and/or increased costs associated with manufacturing the product(s).There may also be regulatory action from federal, state or local agencies if a product is deemed to be adulterated and/or misbranded due to contamination, undisclosed major food allergens or other food safety issues. It could, for example, result in the issuance of a warning letter or another type of enforcement action from the FDA. There could also be state or federal civil and/or criminal penalties associated with selling an adulterated and/or misbranded food product, even if it was done so inadvertently.We may also be liable to consumers if the consumption of any of our products causes injury, illness or death. The amount of the insurance we carry is limited, and that insurance is subject to certain exclusions and may or may not be adequate. Accordingly, consumer class action litigation or a significant product liability judgment could cause us to incur material losses. Additionally, product tampering, either on a small or large scale, such as the introduction of foreign material, chemical contaminants or pathogenic organisms into our products, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. A product recall, regulatory enforcement action and/or litigation arising from any of the foregoing or otherwise, could on its own or as a result of long term reputational damage, have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 14The FDA could take issue with the manufacturer, composition/ingredients, packaging, marketing/labeling, storage, transportation and/or distribution of our products.The FDA does not pre-approve finished beverage products or the labeling of such products, so it has not approved our product formulations nor has it reviewed or approved any claims we make related to our products. If the FDA or any other governmental authority were to take issue with the claims we make about our products or other aspects of our product labeling, such as components of our facts panel, or require that we change or cease making certain claims or otherwise alter our marketing strategy, we could experience a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flow. If the FDA or any other governmental authority were to take issue with any of the ingredients used in our products or any of the components of the packaging materials for our products this could also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.Any type of federal, state, or local regulatory enforcement action related to the manufacturing, transportation, storage and/or distribution of our products, whether taken against us or a third-party, such as a co-manufacturer, could also have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. This could include, for example, an enforcement action taken against us or one of our co-packers for failing to maintain an appropriate FDA registration or comply with applicable CGMP requirements.Our advertising and promotional activities may be subject to regulatory review of the truthfulness and substantiation of product claims.Our advertising, labeling and promotional activities are subject to a wide range of laws and regulations in the jurisdictions in which our products are sold. In the U.S. our advertising activities are subject to regulation by the FTC under the Federal Trade Commission Act. In addition, our advertising and promotional activities are subject to state consumer protection and unfair competition laws, including laws such as California’s Consumer Legal Remedies Act and Unfair Competition Law. Outside the U.S., our advertising and promotional activities are subject to comparable consumer protection, unfair competition and misleading or deceptive conduct laws administered by governmental authorities in the jurisdictions in which we operate. Any actions or investigations initiated against our business by governmental authorities or private litigants could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.The shifting regulatory environment through the various jurisdictions in which our products are sold necessitates building and maintaining robust internal control systems to achieve and maintain compliance in multiple jurisdictions and increases the possibility that we may violate one or more of the legal requirements. If our operations are found to be in violation of any applicable laws or regulations, then we may be subject to, without limitation, civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, injunctions, or product withdrawals, recalls or seizures, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.We rely on our management team and other key personnel.We depend on the skills, experience, relationships and continued services of key personnel, including our experienced management team. In addition, our ability to achieve our operating goals also depends on our ability to recruit, train and retain qualified individuals. We compete with other companies both within and outside of our industry for talented personnel and we may lose key personnel or fail to attract and retain additional talented personnel. Any such loss or failure could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.In particular, our continued success will depend in part on our ability to retain the talents and dedication of key employees. Furthermore, we may not be able to locate suitable replacements for any of our key employees who leave or be able to offer employment to potential replacements on reasonable terms, all of which could adversely affect our procurement and distribution processes, sales and marketing activities and our financial processes, and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.If we fail to attract or maintain a highly skilled and diverse workforce, our business could be negatively affected.Our business requires that we attract, develop and maintain a highly skilled and diverse workforce. Our employees are highly sought after by our competitors and other companies and competition for existing and prospective personnel has increased. Our continued ability to compete effectively depends on our ability to attract, retain, develop and motivate highly skilled personnel for all areas of our organization. Moreover, the broader labor market continues to be impacted by numerous factors, including, but not limited to, wage inflation, labor shortages, increased employee turnover, changes in availability and a shift toward remote work, which, in turn, has created a shortage of qualified workers, thereby further increasing the competitive landscape of attracting and retaining qualified workers.15Consequently, we may not be able to successfully attract and maintain a highly skilled and diverse workforce that is necessary to support key capabilities such as e-commerce, social media and digital marketing and advertising and digital analytics. Changes in immigration laws and policies could also make it more difficult for us to recruit or relocate highly skilled technical, professional, and management personnel to meet our business needs. In certain European countries where employees are represented by unions, union activity, collective bargaining disputes or work stoppages could disrupt operations or increase costs and local labor laws may limit our flexibility to make workforce adjustments in response to changing business needs. The unexpected loss of experienced and highly skilled employees due to an increase in aggressive recruiting for best-in-class talent could deplete our institutional knowledge base and erode our competitiveness. Further, failure to attract, retain and develop associates from underrepresented communities can damage our business results and our reputation. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.Global or regional catastrophic events could impact our operations and affect our ability to grow our business.Because of our increasingly global presence, our business could be affected by unstable political conditions, civil unrest, protests and demonstrations, large-scale terrorist acts, especially those directed against the U.S. or other major industrialized countries where our products are distributed or the outbreak or escalation of armed hostilities. Such catastrophic events could impact our operations and our supply chain, including the production or distribution of our products. Materials or personnel may need to mobilize to other locations. Our U.S. headquarters and a large part of our operations are located in Florida, a state at significant risk of impacts from hurricanes. Some of the raw materials we use, including certain sizes of cans, are available from limited suppliers and a regional catastrophic event impacting such suppliers could adversely impact our operations. In addition, such events could disrupt global or regional economic activity, which could affect consumer purchasing power and consumers’ ability to purchase our products, thereby reducing demand for our products. If our operations are disrupted or we are unable to grow our business as a result of these factors, our growth rate could decline, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.Climate change and natural disasters may affect our business.There is concern that a gradual increase in global average temperatures due to increased carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere could cause significant changes in weather patterns around the globe and an increase in the frequency and severity of natural disasters. Changing weather patterns could result in decreased agricultural productivity in certain regions, or outbreaks of diseases or other health issues, which may limit availability or increase the cost of certain ingredients used in our products and could impact the food security of communities around the world. Increased frequency or duration of extreme weather conditions could also impair production capabilities, disrupt our supply chain or impact demand for our products.Natural disasters and extreme weather conditions, such as hurricanes, wildfires, earthquakes or floods and outbreaks of diseases or other health issues may disrupt our operations and supply chain, impact the operations of our distributors and unfavorably impact our consumers’ ability to purchase our products. Additionally, increased demand for electricity, including from the expansion of data centers supporting AI and other technologies, may contribute to higher power and utility costs, which could increase our operating expenses and adversely affect our results of operations. In addition, public expectations for reductions in greenhouse gas emissions could negatively impact our energy, transportation and raw material costs and may require us to make additional investments in facilities and equipment. Changes in applicable laws, regulations, standards or practices related to greenhouse gas emissions, packaging and water scarcity and reporting requirements with respect thereto, as well as initiatives by advocacy groups in favor of certain climate change-related laws, regulations, standards or practices, may result in increased compliance costs, capital expenditures and other financial obligations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. We rely on the availability of sufficient quantities of quality water for the manufacture of our products. Water scarcity, drought conditions, restrictions on water usage, infrastructure limitations, increased water costs or heightened scrutiny of water sourcing practices in the jurisdictions in which we or our co-packers operate could disrupt production, limit manufacturing capacity or increase our operating costs. In addition, adverse publicity or regulatory action relating to water usage or sustainability practices, whether or not warranted, could negatively impact our brands and reputation. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.Sales of our products may also be influenced to some extent by weather conditions in the markets in which we operate. We, along with our co-packers, use a number of key ingredients in the manufacture of our products that are derived from agricultural commodities. Increased demand for food products and decreased agricultural productivity in certain regions of the world as a result of changing weather patterns and other factors may limit the availability or increase the cost of such agricultural commodities and could impact the food security of communities around the world. Weather conditions, therefore, may influence consumer demand for certain of our products and otherwise impact our business and operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.16Compliance with climate-disclosure and environmental-reporting requirements may increase costs and regulatory risk.We are subject to evolving federal, state and international regulations concerning climate-related disclosure and greenhouse gas emissions. The Environmental Protection Agency has made efforts to repeal or otherwise modify regulation of greenhouse gas emissions at the federal level, including issuing a proposal to revoke the Environmental Protection Agency’s greenhouse gas “Endangerment Finding,” which underpins the majority of the Environmental Protection Agency’s greenhouse gas regulations. Separately, various states and groups of states have adopted or are considering adopting legislation, regulations or other regulatory initiatives that are focused on such areas as greenhouse gas cap and trade programs, carbon taxes, reporting and tracking programs, disclosure of climate risk management, and restriction of emissions. California’s Climate Accountability Package, for example, may require companies doing business in the State of California to publicly disclose greenhouse gas emissions, climate-related financial risks and mitigation strategies in the future. We cannot predict whether any such efforts will ultimately be successful or what effects they may have on our business or results of operations.At the international level, there exists the United Nations-sponsored “Paris Agreement,” which requires nations to submit non-binding greenhouse gas emissions reduction goals every five years after 2020, though in January 2025, the U.S. submitted notification to the United Nations that it intends to withdraw from the Paris Agreement regarding climate change, with the withdrawal effective January 27, 2026. Additionally, various agreements and commitments have been made at the annual Conference of the Parties to eliminate certain fossil fuel subsidies, phase out fossil fuels in energy systems, and pursue further action on non-carbon dioxide greenhouse gases, though none have been legally binding. The federal government has undertaken efforts to decrease the U.S.’ participation in such initiatives, including the withdrawal of the U.S. from the Paris Agreement and all other agreements made under the United Nations Framework Convention on Climate Change, and has sought other legislative and regulatory changes related to climate change. Notwithstanding the U.S.' withdrawal from the Paris Agreement, various state and local governments remain committed to the Paris Agreement.Compliance with any applicable disclosure frameworks may increase our reporting and assurance costs, require additional data collection and systems investment and expose us to potential enforcement actions or reputational harm if our disclosures are viewed as inaccurate or insufficient. Expanding regulatory expectations around climate and environmental transparency could therefore result in higher compliance costs and legal exposure, which may adversely affect our operations, financial condition and reputation.Risk Factors Related to Our IndustryWe are subject to significant competition by other companies in the functional beverage product industry.The functional beverage product industry is highly competitive. The principal areas of competition are pricing, packaging, distribution channel penetration, development of new products and flavors and marketing campaigns. Our products compete with a wide range of beverages produced by a relatively large number of manufacturers, some of which have substantially greater financial, marketing and distribution resources and name recognition than we do.Important factors affecting our ability to compete successfully include the taste and flavor of our products, trade and consumer promotions, rapid and effective development of new, unique cutting-edge products, attractive and different packaging, branded product advertising and pricing. Many competitors, including larger beverage companies and emerging brands, are increasingly using advanced analytics and AI to optimize product innovation, digital marketing, pricing strategies and e-commerce execution. If we are unable to adapt to these evolving technologies or if competitors use such tools more effectively than we do, our ability to compete in the functional beverage category could be adversely affected. Our products compete with all liquid refreshments and with products of certain competitors that are much larger, some of which have significantly greater financial resources, such as Monster Beverage Corporation, Red Bull GmbH, The Coca-Cola Company, Pepsi, Keurig Dr Pepper Inc., Nestlé S.A., BlueTriton Brands, Starbucks Corporation, Congo Brands and Molson Coors. We also compete with companies that are smaller or primarily local in operation. Our products also compete with private label brands such as those carried by supermarket chains, convenience store chains, drug store chains, mass merchants and club warehouses. New competitors continue to emerge, some of which target specific markets of ours as well as the health and wellness space. This may require additional marketing expenditures on our part to remain competitive.The growth in sales through e-commerce retailers, e-commerce websites, mobile commerce applications and subscription services may result in a shift away from physical retail operations to digital channels and a reduction in impulse purchases. Further, the ability of consumers to compare prices on a real-time basis using digital technology puts additional pressure on us to maintain competitive prices. Sales in convenience and gas station retail channels may be adversely affected by improvements in fuel efficiency and increasing consumer preferences for electric or alternative fuel-powered vehicles, which could reduce the frequency of consumer visits to fuel stations and negatively impact purchases at convenience and gas-station retailers. We have been growing our e-commerce sales by using Amazon and leveraging our retail partners e-commerce platforms, rather than building our own internal platform. However, if we are unable to successfully adapt to the rapidly changing retail landscape, our share of sales, volume growth and overall financial results could be negatively affected.Due to competition in the functional beverage product industry, we may encounter difficulties in maintaining our current revenues, market share or position within this industry, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.17Termination of distributor relationships could expose us to legal, financial and competitive risks.We may from time to time terminate, or be required to terminate, relationships with distributors as part of our strategic, operational, or compliance decisions. The termination of distributor relationships may expose us to risks including claims for damages, fines, penalties, or other forms of legal or regulatory action, as well as the cost of defending against potential litigation or disputes. In addition, terminated distributors may have contractual, statutory, or other rights that could result in additional costs or adverse outcomes.Following termination, a former distributor may have increased capacity, shelf space, sales focus and operational resources available to support other brands, including our competitors. As a result, such distributors may choose to scale, prioritize, or expand distribution of competing products, including brands that directly compete with ours, within the same markets or channels. This could strengthen competitors’ market positions and intensify competitive pressures against us, which may adversely affect our sales, market share, and relationships with other distributors or retail partners. Any of these factors could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition.Our inability to innovate successfully and to provide new cutting-edge products could adversely affect our business and financial results.Our ability to compete in the highly competitive functional beverage product industry and to achieve our business growth objectives depends, in part, on our ability to develop new flavors, products and packaging. The success of our innovation, in turn, depends on our ability to identify consumer trends and cater to consumer preferences. In addition, if we fail to adequately differentiate our products from those of our competitors, we may lose market share and pricing power and fail to attract or retain loyal customers. The increasing number of competing products and limited shelf space in retail outlets may further limit our ability to establish and maintain a distinctive market position. If we are not successful in our innovation activities, we could experience a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.Changes in consumer product and shopping preferences may reduce demand for some of our products.The functional beverage product category is subject to changing consumer preferences and shifts in consumer preferences may adversely affect us. There is increasing awareness of and concern for health, wellness and nutrition considerations, including concerns regarding caloric intake associated with sugar-sweetened drinks and the perceived undesirability of artificial ingredients. Our CELSIUS® and ALANI NU® brand beverage products have no aspartame or high fructose corn syrup and are primarily sweetened with sucralose, a sugar-derived sweetener that is found in Splenda®, which makes these functional beverage products low-calorie. However, consumer preferences may shift away from the trend towards healthier options that we have observed and as such, there can be no assurance that our current products and product lines, including the ROCKSTAR® brand under which we market a variety of products, including those that are sweetened with sugar, will maintain their current levels of demand. There are also changes in demand for different packages, sizes, and configurations. This may reduce demand for our functional beverage products, which could reduce our revenues and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.Consumers are seeking greater variety in their functional beverage products. Our future success will depend, in part, upon our continued ability to develop and introduce different and innovative functional beverage products that appeal to consumers. In order to retain and expand our market share, we must continue to develop and introduce different and innovative products and be competitive in the areas of efficacy, taste, quality and price, although there can be no assurance of our ability to do so. There is no assurance that consumers will continue to purchase our products in the future. Product lifecycles for some functional beverage brands, products or packages may be limited to a few years before consumers’ preferences change. The functional beverage products that we currently market are in varying stages of their product lifecycles and there can be no assurance that such products will become or remain profitable for us. We may be unable to achieve volume growth through product and packaging initiatives. We may also be unable to penetrate new markets. Additionally, as shopping patterns are being affected by the digital evolution, with consumers embracing shopping by way of mobile device applications, e-commerce retailers and e-commerce websites or platforms, we may be unable to address or anticipate changes in consumer shopping preferences or engage with our consumers on their preferred platforms. A decline in our revenue for any of these reasons could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.We derive the majority of our revenue from functional beverage products and competitive pressure in the functional beverage product category could materially adversely affect our business and operating results.Our focus is on the functional beverage product category and our business is vulnerable to adverse changes impacting this category, which could adversely impact our business, results of operations and the trading price of our Common Stock.Our portfolio, which includes Celsius®, Alani Nu®, and Rockstar®, competes in the highly competitive functional beverage product category. This category is subject to shifting consumer preferences, new product introductions, aggressive pricing and significant promotional activity by established and emerging brands. Any decline in sales of our functional beverage products or loss of market share in these categories, could materially adversely affect our future revenues and profitability.18The increasing number of competitive products and limited availability of shelf and cooler space in retail outlets may limit our ability to maintain or expand our market presence. Competitors may engage in aggressive marketing, offer price discounts or pursue false or misleading advertising claims that could impact our brand reputation and sales. In addition, competition from private-label and other wellness or performance brands could intensify. These competitive pressures may result in price erosion, reduced market share or increased promotional expenses, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.If we are unable to successfully manage new product launches, our business and financial results could be adversely affected.Due to the highly competitive nature of the global functional beverage product sector, we expect and intend to continue to introduce new products and evolve existing products to better match consumer demand. The success of new and evolved products depends on a number of factors, including timely and successful development and consumer acceptance. Such endeavors may also involve significant risks and uncertainties, including distraction of management from current operations, greater than expected liabilities and expenses, inadequate return on capital, exposure to additional regulations and reliance on the performance of third-parties, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.Changes in government regulation or failure to comply with existing regulation could adversely affect our business and financial performance.The production, marketing and sale of our products are subject to the rules and regulations of various federal, state and local regulatory agencies. The marketing and sale of our products internationally is similarly subject to compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations in those foreign countries where our products are sold. Legislation has been proposed and adopted at the U.S. federal, state and municipal level as well as in certain foreign jurisdictions to restrict the sale of energy drinks (including prohibiting the sale of energy drinks at certain establishments or pursuant to certain governmental programs), limit the content of caffeine and other ingredients in beverages, require certain product labeling disclosures and warnings, impose excise taxes, limit product size or impose age restrictions for the sale of energy drinks. There is also a patchwork of state restrictions with respect to food packaging materials.If a regulatory authority finds that a current or future product or production run is not in compliance with any of these regulations, we may be fined, or production may be stopped, thus adversely affecting our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Similarly, any adverse publicity associated with any noncompliance may damage our reputation and our ability to successfully market our products. Furthermore, the rules and regulations are subject to change from time to time and can vary from state-to-state. While we closely monitor developments in this area, we have no way of anticipating whether changes in these rules and regulations will impact our business adversely. Additional or revised regulatory requirements, whether with respect to labeling, ingredients, tax or otherwise, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.Public health officials and health advocates remain focused on the public health consequences associated with obesity, especially as it affects children and are seeking legislative change to reduce the consumption of sweetened beverages. There are also public health concerns regarding caffeine and other ingredients present in energy drinks. To the extent any such legislation is enacted in one or more jurisdictions where a significant amount of our products are sold, individually or in the aggregate, it could result in a reduction in demand for or availability of, our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.Product safety and quality concerns, or other negative publicity (whether or not warranted) could damage our brand image and corporate reputation and may cause our business to suffer.Our success depends in large part on our ability to maintain consumer confidence in the safety and quality of all of our products. We have rigorous product safety and quality standards, which we expect our operations as well as our suppliers to meet. However, despite our strong commitment to product safety and quality, we or our suppliers may not always meet these standards, particularly as we expand our product offerings through innovation or acquisitions into product categories that are beyond our traditional range of functional beverage products. If we or our suppliers fail to comply with applicable product safety and quality standards or if our functional beverage products taken to the market are or become contaminated or otherwise adulterated by any means, we may be required to conduct costly product recalls and may become subject to product liability claims and negative publicity, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our success also depends on our ability to build and maintain the brand image for our existing products, new products and brand extensions and maintain our corporate reputation. There can be no assurance that our advertising, marketing and promotional programs and our commitment to product safety and quality, human rights and environmental sustainability will have the desired impact on our products’ brand image and on consumer preferences and demand. Claims regarding product safety, quality or ingredient content issues, our culture and our workforce, our environmental impact and the sustainability of our operations, or allegations of product contamination, even if false or unfounded, could tarnish the image of our brands and may cause consumers to choose other products. Consumer demand for our products could diminish significantly if we, our employees, distributors, suppliers or business partners fail to preserve the quality of our products, act or are perceived to act in an unethical, illegal, discriminatory, unequal or socially irresponsible manner, including with respect to the sourcing, content or sale of our products, service and treatment of our customers, or the use of customer data.19Furthermore, our brand image or perceived product quality could be adversely affected by litigation, unfavorable reports in the media (internet or elsewhere), studies in general and regulatory or other governmental inquiries (in each case whether involving our products or those of our competitors) and proposed or new legislation affecting our industry. Negative postings or comments on social media or networking websites about the Company or any one of our brands, even if inaccurate or malicious, could generate adverse publicity that could damage the reputation of our brands or our business. Business incidents, whether isolated or recurring and whether originating from us, our co-packers, distributors, suppliers or business partners, that erode consumer trust can significantly reduce brand value or potentially trigger boycotts of our products and can have a negative impact on consumer demand for our products as well as our reputation and financial results. The impact of such incidents may be exacerbated if they receive considerable publicity, including rapidly through social or digital media (including for malicious reasons) or result in litigation.In addition, from time to time, there are public policy endeavors that are either directly related to our products and packaging or to our business. These public policy debates can occasionally be the subject of backlash from advocacy groups that have a differing point of view and could result in adverse media and consumer reaction, including product boycotts. Similarly, our sponsorship relationships could subject us to negative publicity as a result of actual or alleged misconduct by individuals or entities associated with organizations we sponsor or support. Likewise, campaigns by activists connecting us or our supply chain, with human and workplace rights, environmental or animal rights issues could adversely impact our corporate image and reputation. Allegations, even if untrue, that we are not respecting the human rights found in the United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights, actual or perceived failure by our suppliers or other business partners to comply with applicable labor and workplace rights laws, including child labor laws or their actual or perceived abuse or misuse of migrant workers, adverse publicity surrounding obesity and health concerns related to our products, our environmental impact and the sustainability of our operations, labor relations, our culture and our workforce or the like could negatively affect our overall reputation and brand image, which in turn could have a negative impact on our products’ acceptance by consumers, and a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.Our sales are affected by seasonality.Our business is subject to seasonality, with higher sales volumes typically occurring during the warmer months of the year. Sales may fluctuate from period to period due to customer purchasing patterns, consumer demand and seasonal factors, including weather conditions. As a result, our results for any particular quarter may not be indicative of the results to be achieved for the entire fiscal year. Failure by suppliers or co-packers to comply with applicable laws and regulations or with specifications and other requirements for our products, may adversely impact our business.We rely on our raw material suppliers and co-packers for compliance with applicable legal and regulatory requirements. If our raw material suppliers or co-packers fail to comply with applicable federal, state and local requirements it could materially adversely impact our business. For example, failure of our co-packers to comply with applicable CGMP requirements could necessitate a product recall, cause us to be subject to regulatory enforcement action or lead to private litigation against us.We also rely on our co-packers to provide us with products that comply with our specifications and other applicable requirements. If they fail to do so, or if our raw material suppliers fail to supply us with material that complies with applicable specifications, it could lead to supply chain disruptions, damage to our reputation or otherwise materially adversely impact our business. It could also result in the inability of the co-packers to continue to manufacture product for us or inability of the raw material suppliers to continue to supply product to us, which could result in disruption or increased cost of product. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.Litigation could expose us to significant liabilities and reduce demand for our products.We have been and are a party, from time to time, to various litigation and other legal proceedings, including, but not limited to, intellectual property, false advertising, product liability, breach of contract claims and violations of consumer protection statutes and securities laws. Lawsuits have been filed against us claiming that certain statements made in our or our partners' advertisements or on the labels of our products, in our public filings with the SEC or in our or public statements, were false or misleading or otherwise not in compliance with applicable state and/or federal regulatory requirements, including class action alleging "channel stuffing". Class action lawsuits have been filed against us, alleging that certain claims in our marketing promotional materials amount to false advertising or were otherwise misleading. We do not believe any statements made by us in our promotional materials or set forth on our product labels are false or misleading or otherwise not in compliance with applicable state or federal legal and regulatory requirements and we have been defending and will continue to vigorously defend such lawsuits. At times, even if we believe that we are acting in compliance with the applicable laws and regulations, management may choose to settle claims in order to avoid lengthy litigation and associated expenses and/or disruptions to our business. Although we recently settled claims brought by the SEC, we could be subject to additional investigations or lawsuits from the SEC or other regulators in the future. For additional information regarding the claims that we face, please see Note 17. Commitments and Contingencies, in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Report.20Any of the foregoing matters or other litigation, the threat thereof or unfavorable media attention arising from pending or threatened litigation could consume significant financial and managerial resources and result in diminished operational efficiency of our business, significant monetary awards against us, an injunction barring the sale of any of our products and injury to our reputation. Our failure to successfully defend or settle any litigation or legal proceedings could result in liabilities that, to the extent not covered by our insurance, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.If we fail to maintain an effective internal control environment or adequate control procedures over our financial reporting, investor confidence may be adversely affected thereby affecting the value of our stock price.We are required to maintain proper ICFR and adequate controls related to our disclosures. As defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act, ICFR is a process designed by or under the supervision of the principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by the Board, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. If we fail to maintain adequate controls, our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows may be materially, adversely impacted.If we are unable to maintain adequate ICFR or establish an effective control environment, our Consolidated Financial Statements may contain material misstatements and we could be required to revise or restate our financial results. Such events could materially and adversely affect our business, restrict our ability to access the capital markets, require us to expend significant resources to address control deficiencies, subject us to fines, penalties or judgments, harm our reputation or otherwise cause a decline in investor confidence, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.We may be subject to regulatory examinations and proceedings.We may be subject to examinations, investigations, proceedings and orders by the SEC or other regulators. Any such actions could be expensive, damaging to our brand and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.Strikes or work stoppages or labor unrest can cause our business to suffer.Some employees of our third-party business partners that are involved in the manufacturing, production or distribution of our products are covered by collective bargaining agreements and other such employees may seek to be covered by collective bargaining agreements. Strikes or work stoppages or other business interruptions may occur if the third parties that are involved in the manufacturing, production and distribution of our products are unable to renew or enter into new collective bargaining agreements on satisfactory terms. These disruptions can impair the manufacturing and distribution of our products, interrupt product supply or lead to a loss of sales. They may also increase our costs or otherwise affect our ability to fully implement future operational changes to enhance our efficiency or to adapt to changing business needs or strategy. Any of these outcomes could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.Risk Factors Related to Financial RisksWe have incurred significant indebtedness in connection with our recent acquisitions, which increases our financial leverage and exposes us to risks related to liquidity, compliance with debt covenants and future refinancing.Our outstanding debt requires ongoing interest and principal payments that may limit our ability to obtain additional financing, pursue strategic opportunities or respond to changing business or economic conditions. Because some of our debt accrues interest at variable interest rates, movements in interest rates could increase our borrowing costs and reduce our available cash flow.Our debt agreements also contain covenants that impose operating and financial restrictions, and our failure to comply with these covenants could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. Our ability to comply with these restrictions and covenants is uncertain and will be affected by the levels of cash flow from operations and other events or circumstances beyond our control. If market or other economic conditions deteriorate, our ability to comply with these covenants may be impaired. If we violate any provisions of our debt agreements, particularly our Credit Agreement, that are not cured or waived within the applicable time periods provided in such agreements, a significant portion of our indebtedness may become immediately due and payable, and our lenders’ commitment to make further loans to us under certain of our credit facilities may terminate. We might not have, or be able to obtain, sufficient funds to make these accelerated payments. If we were unable to repay the accelerated amounts, the lenders under our Credit Agreement could proceed against the collateral granted to them to secure our indebtedness thereunder. If the payment of our debt is accelerated, our assets may be insufficient to repay such debt in full, which could result in our insolvency. Fluctuations in our effective tax rate could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.We are subject to income and other taxes in both the U.S. and certain foreign jurisdictions. Therefore, we are subject to audits for multiple tax years in various jurisdictions at once.21Our 2022 through 2024 U.S. federal income tax returns are subject to examination by the Internal Revenue Service. Our state and local income tax returns are subject to examination for the 2021 through 2024 tax years.At any given time, events may occur which change our expectation about how any such tax audits will be resolved and thus, there could be significant variability in our quarterly or annual tax rates, because these events may change our plans for uncertain tax positions.Changes in U.S. tax laws as a result of any legislation proposed by U.S. Congress could adversely affect our provision for income taxes, resulting in an adverse impact on our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. In addition, changes in the manner in which U.S. multinational corporations are taxed on foreign earnings, including changes in how existing tax laws are interpreted or enforced, could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. For example, the OECD has recommended changes to numerous long-standing international tax principles through its BEPS project. These changes, to the extent adopted, may increase tax uncertainty, result in higher compliance costs and adversely affect our provision for income taxes, results of operations and cash flow. In connection with the OECD’s BEPS project, companies are required to disclose more information to tax authorities on operations around the world, which may lead to greater audit scrutiny of profits earned in various countries. Economic and political pressures to increase tax revenues in jurisdictions in which we operate, such as with respect to our operations in Ireland or the adoption of new or reformed tax legislation or regulation, may make resolving tax disputes more difficult and the final resolution of tax audits and any related litigation could differ from our historical provisions and accruals, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.Changes in U.S. tax law, including those introduced under the OBBBA, may further impact our tax obligations and planning strategies.The OBBBA introduced substantial modifications to the U.S. corporate tax system, including changes to international tax provisions, interest expense limitations and foreign tax credit rules. Future regulatory guidance or amendments could affect the deductibility of certain expenses, the timing of income recognition or the treatment of intercompany transactions. These changes, individually or in combination, could increase our effective tax rate, alter the value of deferred tax assets and liabilities and require adjustments to our tax planning strategies. Additionally, ongoing uncertainty regarding global tax reforms and the implementation of minimum tax standards in various jurisdictions could increase compliance complexity and costs. Any such changes could materially affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.Increases in market interest rates could materially increase our borrowing costs, reduce cash flow and adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations.A portion of our debt bears interest at variable rates, which makes our borrowing costs sensitive to fluctuations in benchmark interest rates and credit spreads. The Federal Reserve implemented significant benchmark interest rate reductions in late 2024 and maintained rates at relatively stable levels through much of 2025. During the fourth quarter of 2025, the Federal Reserve implemented additional rate cuts of a smaller magnitude. Despite these reductions, and while recent refinancing activity has reduced our interest rate, our overall debt service obligations remain exposed to market rate volatility. We are subject to interest rate risk in connection with the Term Loan Facility and Revolving Credit Facility, which bear interest at either a benchmark rate or an alternate base rate, plus an applicable spread which is subject to potential step-downs in 0.25% increments pursuant to a pricing grid based on net leverage. A one-percentage-point increase in the interest rate would raise our annual interest expense obligations by approximately $6.9 million, based on the outstanding balances under the Term Loan Facility as of December 31, 2025. There were no borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility as of December 31, 2025. Sustained or further increases in interest rates could reduce the availability of capital, constrain our ability to invest in growth initiatives and negatively impact profitability and cash flow. We do not currently use derivative instruments or other hedging arrangements to mitigate exposure to interest rate fluctuations.We may be required in the future to record a significant charge to earnings if our goodwill or intangible assets become impaired.Under U.S. GAAP, we are required to review our goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually, and more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying value may not be recoverable. Factors potentially affecting our estimated fair values, used in comparison with carrying values, include but are not limited to, declining or slower than anticipated growth rates for certain of our existing products, a decline in stock price and market capitalization, reduced operating cash flows, changes in the business climate or competitive environment and slower growth rates in our industry. An impairment charge, if required, would decrease the carrying value to that of our estimated fair value on our Consolidated Balance Sheets and impact earnings.Definite-lived assets are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances suggest that their carrying value may not be fully recoverable and are subject to amortization over their useful lives.We may be required in the future to record a significant charge to earnings during the period in which we determine that our intangible assets have been impaired. Any such charge would adversely impact our results of operations. As of December 31, 2025, our goodwill totaled approximately $917.6 million and net intangible assets totaled approximately $1,391.9 million.22Fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates may adversely affect our operating results.We are exposed to foreign currency exchange rate risk with respect to our sales, expenses, profits, assets and liabilities denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar and we expect that such risk exposure will increase as we continue to expand our international operations. As a result, our reported earnings may be materially adversely affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates. For the years ended December 31, 2025, 2024 and 2023, net foreign currency translation gain (loss) resulted in a net gain of $6.4 million, a net loss of $2.5 million and a net gain of $1.2 million, respectively.Potential changes in accounting standards or practices or taxation may adversely affect our financial results.We cannot predict the impact that future changes in accounting standards or practices may have on our financial results. New accounting standards could be issued that change the way we record revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities. These changes in accounting standards could adversely affect our reported earnings. Increases in direct and indirect income tax rates could affect after-tax income. Equally, increases in indirect taxes (including environmental taxes pertaining to the disposal of beverage containers or indirect taxes on beverages generally or energy drinks in particular) could affect our products’ affordability and materially reduce our sales, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.Uncertainty in the financial markets and other adverse changes in general economic or political conditions in any of the major countries in which we do business could adversely affect our industry, business and results of operations.Global economic uncertainties, including highly inflationary economies and foreign currency exchange rates, affect businesses such as ours in a number of ways, making it difficult to accurately forecast and plan our future business activities. There can be no assurance that economic improvements will occur or that they would be sustainable or that they would enhance conditions in markets relevant to us. In addition, we cannot predict the duration and severity of disruptions in any of our markets or the impact they may have on our customers or business, as our expansion outside of the U.S. has increased our exposure to developments or crises in various international markets. Unfavorable economic conditions and financial uncertainties in our major international markets and unstable political conditions, including civil unrest and governmental changes, in certain of our other international markets, could undermine global consumer confidence and reduce consumers’ purchasing power, thereby reducing demand for our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows.Our investments are subject to risks which may cause losses and affect the liquidity of these investments.On December 31, 2025, we had unrestricted cash and cash equivalents of approximately $398.9 million. Certain of these investments are subject to general credit, liquidity, market and interest rate risks. These risks associated with our investment portfolio may have a material adverse effect on our future results of operations, liquidity and financial condition. Risk Factors Related to Our Common StockThe market price and trading volume of our Common Stock is and has been volatile and could decline significantly.Our stock price is affected by a number of factors, including stockholder expectations, financial results, the introduction of new products by us and our competitors, general economic and market conditions such as inflation, estimates and projections by the investment community and public comments by other parties as well as many other factors including litigation, many of which are beyond our control. We do not provide guidance on our future performance, including, but not limited to, our revenues, margins, product mix, operating expenses or net income. We may be unable to achieve analysts’ forecasts of our future performance, including net revenue or earnings, which are based on their own projected revenues, sales volumes and sales mix of many product types or new products, certain of which are more profitable than others, as well as their own estimates of gross margin and operating expenses. There can be no assurance that we will achieve any such projected levels or mix of product sales, revenues, gross margins, operating profits or net income, and our failure to meet analyst forecasts may result in a decline in the price of our Common Stock. Our stock price is and has been subject to significant volatility and stockholders may not be able to sell our stock at attractive prices. In addition, periods of volatility in the market price of our Common Stock have resulted in securities class action litigation against us and continued stock price volatility could result in the initiation of new actions. For the period January 1, 2025 through February 23, 2026, the price of our Common Stock ranged from a high of $66.74 to a low of $21.10.Our Board has the authority, without stockholder approval, to issue preferred stock with terms that may not be beneficial to common stockholders and with the ability to affect adversely stockholder voting power and perpetuate control. We have outstanding shares of Preferred Stock with rights and preferences superior to those of our Common Stock.Our Articles of Incorporation authorize our Board to issue shares of preferred stock without any further action or approval by our stockholders. The Board has the authority to fix and determine the relative rights and preferences of any series of preferred stock that may be issued. As a result, our Board could authorize the issuance of preferred stock with rights senior to those of our Common Stock, including priority in dividend payments, liquidation or redemption.23Our currently outstanding Preferred Stock, all of which is held by Pepsi, ranks, with respect to distribution rights and rights on liquidation, winding-up and dissolution, (i) senior and in priority of payment to our Common Stock, (ii) on parity with one another and (iii) junior to any future series of capital stock expressly designated as ranking senior. Holders of Preferred Stock are entitled to cumulative quarterly dividends at a rate of 5.0% per annum, payable in cash, in kind, or a combination thereof, and to participate in dividends paid on our Common Stock on an as-converted basis. The Preferred Stock is convertible into shares of Common Stock under specified conditions and carry redemption rights exercisable at future dates.Future issuances of Common Stock or Preferred Stock could dilute existing stockholders and reduce the market value of our Common Stock.In the future, we may issue Common Stock or shares of preferred stock senior to our Common Stock, such as our issued and outstanding Preferred Stock, to finance acquisitions, repay debt or raise capital for general corporate purposes. In connection with the Alani Nu Acquisition, we issued shares of our Common Stock as part of the purchase consideration, and in connection with the Rockstar Acquisition and related Pepsi Transactions, we issued Series B Preferred Stock. Future issuances could dilute the interests of existing stockholders, including voting power and financial interests, and reduce the market value of our Common Stock.We cannot guarantee that any share repurchase program will be fully consummated or that it will enhance long-term stockholder value. Share repurchases could also increase volatility in the trading price of our stock and reduce our cash reserves.Although our Board has authorized a share repurchase program, the program does not obligate us to repurchase any specific number of shares or dollar amount of Common Stock and may be modified, suspended or terminated at any time. In addition, our ability to repurchase or retire shares is subject to limitations under our Credit Agreement. As a result, our ability to repurchase shares may be limited in practice and dependent on our ability to access the equity capital markets on acceptable terms. The timing, amount and method of any repurchases will depend on factors such as market conditions, share price, business performance, available liquidity and other capital allocation priorities, including acquisitions, integration activities and debt repayments. We cannot guarantee that any repurchases will be fully executed or that they will result in an increase in long-term stockholder value. Announcements of share repurchase activity or changes to the program could also increase volatility in the trading price of our Common Stock. In addition, any share repurchases will reduce our cash reserves, which could limit our ability to pursue strategic opportunities or respond to changing business or economic conditions.We do not expect to pay cash dividends on our Common Stock in the foreseeable future.We have never paid cash dividends on our Common Stock. We do not expect to pay cash dividends on our Common Stock at any time in the foreseeable future. The future payment of dividends on our Common Stock directly depends upon our future earnings, capital requirements, financial requirements and other factors that our Board will consider. Since we do not anticipate paying cash dividends on our Common Stock, return on your investment, if any, will depend solely on an increase, if any, in the market value of our Common Stock.
